# Chapter 4

Blossom Bernice Breydenblach and Roscoe followed the next hallway for some time
before it opened into a spacious, circular room. In the center was a large
saucer-like structure that gave off a slight hum. "Do you hear that?" asked Bee,
stopping to stare at the craft.

Roscoe shuddered. "More like feel it. The vibrations feel like they're coming
from inside me," he said, putting his hand to his chest.

Bee nodded. "Mmm, yes, quite unnerving. I'd love to analyze this ship more on
the way back."

"Yeah, that's a no for me" Roscoe said. "After we collect the Golden Soroban,
I'm heading straight to the bar."

"Where's your sense of adventure?" Bee chastised.

"It's here. Right now. Saving your life around every corner."

Bee rolled her eyes. "Oh, alright. Come on, I see a doorway on the other side of
the room. And it looks like there's someone there."

There was, indeed, a small doorway directly across from them with a slight
figure in front of it. Bee and Roscoe circumvented the alien spacecraft and
approached the man. He was old, with white, wispy hair and wrinkles cutting
through his tan skin. He sat cross-legged but seemed to hover in midair. Bee
walked up to the man. "Hello, sir," she said. "May we please get by you?"

The old man's eyes lit up as he looked at Bee. "Oh, wonderful! I have
listeners!" He cleared his throat. "Welcome, friends! To claim safe passage
onward, you must first hear my story in its entirety."

Bee glanced at Roscoe. "Okay," she said. "We'll hear your story."

The old man ahem'd again. "Several centuries ago, long before me, you, our
grandparents, or our great, great, great grandparents were alive, the
otherworlders came to Earth," the man began. Then he paused. "Oh, gracious, how
rude of me. I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Ozias O'Reilly, the Keeper
of Lore. It is indeed a most pleasurable meeting. Seeing you here has provided
me with immeasurable joy."

Bee frowned. "I'm excited to hear your story, sir," she said.

The man chuckled. "Oh, just call me Ozias, please."

"Alright, Ozias. Well, it's just that, we're in a bit of a hurry, and how long
is this story, exactly?" Bee glanced around, just now noticing a pile of bones
further along the wall. She nudged Roscoe and gestured toward them. His eyes
bulged.

Ozias laughed again. "Actually, I've never finished the story now that I think
about it!"

Roscoe and Bee exchanged another glance. "Ooookay, well, maybe we'll just hear
the story on our way back," Roscoe said, grabbing Bee's arm and moving around
the man toward the doorway. In a flash, the man bounded up and performed a
flawless flying heel kick to Roscoe's face. "OUCH," Roscoe cried, falling onto
his back.

Ozias glared at them. "You will hear my story," he said. "And if you fall
asleep, I will be offended, and you will die."

Well, that explained the bones.

Bee helped Roscoe up from the ground. "Ozias, question for you. Have you
yourself ever been able to listen to a story?"

Ozias pondered. "Listen to a story? Nobody has ever asked me that before."

"Oh, well! You're in for a treat!" Bee said, swinging her backpack from her back
and digging inside. She pulled out her Walkman and plopped a pair of headphones
onto Ozias's head. "Don't worry, this story is quite brief," she told him. "When
you're finished, we'll gladly listen to yours." She pressed play on the device.
Ozias's eyes lit up, and he snatched the Walkman.

Roscoe stepped up beside Bee. "What are you doing?" he muttered.

Bee grinned. "It's my meditation disk," she whispered. "He'll be asleep in ten
minutes."

"Incredible," Roscoe marveled. They sat down and waited. True enough, Ozias was
soon drifting off and after just a few minutes, started to snore lightly.

Bee and Roscoe tip-toed around him, Bee turning back to look longingly at her
Walkman.

"Bee," Roscoe said, noticing her look. "I will buy you fifty Walkmans when we
get out of here. Heck, I'll buy you a golden Walkman. Just don't let me get
kicked in the face again."

Bee noticed Roscoe's blackening eye and puffy lip. "Alright, let's go," she
said, and they rushed on. The Golden Soroban was close, Bee could feel it.
