# Chapter 1

Squaktahune Temple towered over Blossom Bernice Breydenblach and Roscoe as they
stepped toward the vast stone door blocking their way. They had been traveling
for just over five hours, and Roscoe's feet were starting to ache. Luckily the
sun was setting, and he no longer needed the visor he had constructed out of
duct tape. It was hardly fashionable, after all.

"What are all these symbols?" he asked, brushing aside vines and running his
hand along the temple wall.

"It's a mystery," Bee replied. "But legend says this temple was built by an
ancient alien species, so what we encounter may not even be from this world."

Roscoe frowned. "Oh, wonderful, an ancient alien species. What have I gotten
myself into?"

"The adventure of a lifetime, Roscoe, " Bee said as she placed her hands against
the door and pushed. It didn't budge. "Help me out here."

Roscoe set his shoulder against the stone and shoved. The door stayed stubbornly
shut. "If you brought me along for my muscles, you'll be sorely disappointed.
This thing isn't moving. Has our adventure ended before it's even begun?"

"Don't be silly! This is just our first riddle," Bee said as she pulled a
magnifying glass out of her backpack and set about examining the door. "Get out
a light, I can't see anything!"

Roscoe dug around in the pack and emerged with a star-shaped flashlight.
"Really, Bee? I thought you were a more serious explorer," he said, brandishing
the light toward her.

"Oh, hush!" Bee answered, grabbing the flashlight and shining it on the rough
stone. "Look here! Symbols on the door! What do you think they mean?" Bee stood
aside so Roscoe could inspect the two distinct images: one looked like a waving
hand, and the other looked like Earth.

"Hello World?" Roscoe questioned. Immediately following those words, the door
rumbled open, revealing an immense, dimly lit hallway.

"Oh, Roscoe! I knew I brought you along for a reason!" Bee said as she grabbed
Roscoe's arm and dragged him into the awaiting temple and onward to their next
challenge.
